We have four different AMOC models and want to extract and portray similar information about their return to equilibrium from perturbations of salinity in 2D space of North Atlantic and Tropical Atlantic box salinity. Right now, there are plotting scripts in each repository that share no common design language. Here, I will describe what should be the content in each of the output plots. Your task is to formulate a common plotting framework with similar design for each data source. Everything that is shared across these 4 models in terms of plotting should be saved in a python file in the umbrella repository. Within each submodule, you should then write a script plotting_paper (or similar naming) which outputs the information described in the following list. All figures should be formatted in terms of font size etc so that they fit a double column latex document perfectly. Outputs should be pdf file type.

1. AMOC Box model: The numerical experiments run in Julia and this should not change. However, plotting should from now on take place in the new python script. Make sure the python script can read the necessary data from the Julia experiments or else add functionality to the Julia code that outputs readable data files with that information for plotting. Here is what we need plotted:
A four panel figure (2x2), the top row is less tall than the bottom row. The two panels in the bottom row are quadratic each. The two columns correspond to two CO2 values of the AMOC box model. For each CO2 value, we choose three perturbed initial conditions from the grid. The trajectories of these three initial conditions are plotted (a) in terms of the AMOC strength against time in the top panel and (b) in 2D salinity space (North and Tropical Atlantic salinity). In the top panel, the AMOC on and off equilibria are shown as hlines. In the bottom panel, the position of the AMOC on and off attractors in 2D space are marked. Also, the basins of attraction are indicated by pale coloring of the space in 2 different colors (akin to the basin heatmap in Julia). Trajectories each have different colors (consistent in top and bottom panel), but change their shade as time evolves in the bottom panel.

2. AMOC Boussinesq model: The experiments are already done in Python. We just need the new plotting script in Python to access the data from that script. We need a four panel figure that is in every way equivalent to the information shown from the AMOC box model that I just described.

3. AMOC in the Climber-X model: The necessary data is saved on the remote ssh server where the model is run. The new python script therefore needs to be run in that remote as well. We again need a completely equivalent four panel figure with the same information as the two before.

4. AMOC in the PlaSim data: We have 2D salinity evolutions in terms of the first 2 EOF components available. We also have the AMOC strength along the few available trajectories. In the analysis script that reads and processes the data, a distinction is made on whether trajectories Are initially in some neighborhood (in 2D salinity) of the edge state and whether they reach a neighborhood of either attractor. We only want to keep those trajectories that do this. For them, plot again a four panel figure similar to the ones before with all AMOC trajectories against time in the top row and all trajectories in 2D space in the bottom row. We dont need any basin shading for now. However, We should plot in light lines the equilibrium runs of the on, off and edge states from which the ellipse neighborhood stem. The ellipses should also be plotted, annotated in the legend as the on, off and edge state as for the equilibria in the previous four panel figures.


Now comes a synthesis figure which gives information about the resilience of the AMOC in each model, an also the dependence of that resilience on CO2 change. For this, take the figure amoc3box_co2_continuation.png as an example, but definitely improve the design choices and write it from scratch. Assume that we have data on resilience measures from each model as a function of co2 (right now we dont) in csv files. You can already enhance the Julia code for the box model so that it outputs such a csv file. Save the python script for generating this figure in the umbrella repository.